Bismillah Insha allah

What is the problem?
Lots of freshers college are not able to write sum of 10 numbers program.

What are the existing solution
There lot of learning sources, but not huge impact
No motivation, consistency, not real time technologies, lots of confusion
not job ready

They learn codding from 
Computer institute
Youtube videos
Online courses
Seniors
relatives

What is the proposed solution?
Software developer connect with fresher for 10 minutes
Will
 motivate fresher
 suggest tips, youtube videos, tutorials, books, incremental assignments,
 tools to learn, code review, clarify concept, team work

Who is the customer?
 Main customer is fresher who is looking for job
 Currently focusing on Computers science Engineering student

 Partner customer : software developer as coach


What is the benefit for student?
Meet real time working software developer.
Know latest technologies
Know how to learn latest technologies in best way.
Work on incremental live projects along with fellow sttudents.
Daily, weekly, monthly challenges
Clarify the concept
Mock interview
Know tools used in companies
Personalized tips
Job Referral for goodcandidate


What is the benefit for software developer/code coach?
Meet student
Feel of serving society
Relax your brain
Think in different perspective
Better understand the concept at the core level
Build profile
Team managmenet skill
Improve communication skill
Improve presentation skill
Improve coaching skill
Practice time managment
Implement small long pending ideas with students


What is unique and simple thing about it?
 fresher connect with softare ware developer for  10 minutes , then automatically disconnect 
 no need to share personal information
 no in depth explanation

FAQ
 Student FAQ
 Software developer FAQ
 Facilitator FAQ

Other Partner FAQ
we like partner computer institute , college, job consultant, HR.

#Facilatator FAQ 
what is Facilitator
He will be interacting with both students, softare developer
to make sure both engage, learn, have good time.

I am not software developer, can i be facilitator?
There is no restriction for being software developer.
we accept any one who have passion to solve unemployment problem

Will i get paid money?
No




Software developer FAQ

I dont have time to coach student?
You can guide student any time for 10 minutes to 30 minutes 
ex: 10 minutes any time in  day
30 minutes in weekend

Will my personal information phone number, email shared with student?
No

what can we do in 10 minutes
you can share youtube videos url, tutorials, courses
code review
explain a  concept in 10 minutes -> even if it is not possible
 one line explainer
tell how you work in company
motivate them , how to you struggle in your early career. 


Will coaching student effect my company work dead lines
 we wont allow you to coach more than 10 minutes in working day 
   it wont effect your work

Do i need to give commitment?
No, you can start with 10 minutes, later
you can dor it for 2 days  in week for couple of days   
you can increase based on availability
but we suggest you should commit 10 minutes a week

If you want to guid more , how ?
 You can only guid him in weekend.
 if you need more time, you can guide from 8pm to 9pm, early morning 6am to 8am
Will i get money?
No its social service    


Student FAQ
----
Do i need to pay money?
No, we commitment from you

Will I get job Immediately?
No

Will I get job eventually?
learn , practice, build profile, then more chances of getting job.

I am student do i need to commitment on this.
Yes

What is daily commitment expected?
Minimum 30 minutes

What are the requriement?
Laptop, mobile phone, internet

What will i learn in 3 months?
backend : node.js , express , mongodb
front end: html, css, react js

What is minimum thing i can expect?
You will be able to code small programs

Will there be any projects?
yes, you will be doing incremental projects
weekly basis

Do i need to update what status daily?
software develpoer suggest to practice, read , write code 
We will be expecting what you did yester day,
what you will be doing today

Can i give feed back to software developer?
yes, you have to feedback how is guiding
what you like, where he can improve, what you need now urgent



